(acoustic music)
All right, in this video,
we have a little assignment for you,
give you a little bit of a challenge.
And what I want you to do is go in
and Add Data Validation to our Ingredients object.
So we have that Ingredient Command Object,
and we wwanna to add validation to it.
So let's take that command object
and we'll make the description not blank,
and for the amount, we want it to be a min of 1
and also Not Null, so you can't.
You need to pass a null, or if you do pass a value,
it's got to be a minimum of one.
And we could add an upper bound there.
If you're an overachiever, go ahead and do that,
but for now I'm just gonna say, no max on it.
I'm not too worried about that.
And then Unit of Measure, we wanna make sure
that is Not Null.
And then, just like in the last video
where we looked at data binding,
we wanna to update the Index Controller
for Data Binding.
So we're gonna have to apply that little
work around there that I showed you in the last video.
And then, of course, we wanna update the form.
So I did show you how to display the errors
some time ago, but that is happening
on the recipe form, and we wanna carry that forward
over to the ingredient form.
So little bit of a challenge for you to pull things back
from a while back in the course.
If you are a little concerned about that,
don't worry.
As usual, I am going to go through this
step by step in the next video,
and we will get validation cooking
on our Ingredient Command object.